Fix a typo in the overview (#164)
WebAssembly/gc: proposals/gc/Overview.md

```
where `value_type` is the type usable for parameters, local variables and the operand stack, and `def_type` describes the types that can be defined in the type section.

> Note that an additional restruction on the above grammar is that array fields must be mutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for the MVP, an additional restriction on the above grammar is that array fields must be mutable.
```
